Please come, Lord.
Two days ago, I was taken to the Andeshi-shu by the Yosihara-no-Yozakura-ken-dotsu.
I was on my way to the Andeshi-shu, looking back, thinking that nothing would happen to me.
I was entangled in the Shizuoka-muro again.
A woman who stands out in the world.
That is the true meaning of the world.
If there is a god, will he be free?
I was born a man, and even if I wanted to talk to such a woman one night and one day,
I would have been a fool to say that I was born in the Andeshi-shu.
I was born in the Andeshi-shu, and even if I wanted to talk to such a woman one night and one day,
even if the name of a million million was piled up in a mountain of money,
I would not be a father.
If I were to send a wig to the side, I would be rejected as a woman who would not be free.
I was born a man, and even if I wanted to talk to such a woman one night and one day,
I would not be a father.
If I were to send a wig to the side, I would be rejected as a woman who would not be free.
I want to try to get wet with a wig while looking at the sea.
Love is a shadow of the sea, and I want to save myself from this sea of ​​blood.
This road is a different thing.
Thank you for watching.